drowning out the sounds of Israeli air
strikes Gaza based musicians Soul band
find a secluded corner to sing in
defiance and in
[Music]
Hope since October 7th Israel's constant
bombardment of Gaza has stripped
Palestinians of safety security and
dignity but many online within Gaza have
found strength in the Region's Rich
library of resistance songs that span
decades ever since the occupation
began through the halls of Al Hospital
in Northern Gaza Medics sing
safka it translates into here we shall
stay a message echoed by Palestinians
throughout the bes strip I think it's a
common misconception particularly people
hearing the music for the first time or
people in Europe perhaps um or in the in
the states and they assume that
Palestinian music is is all about
sadness actually I think Palestinian
music overall in many of its varieties
carries this really strong sense of
optimism musicians globally are
channeling that same energy back a gut
and have been met with threats of being
shut down we live in
Palestinian artist Nemesis went viral
with her strip down cover of Lord's pop
song
[Music]
team she says she was recently dropped
by her record label due to her advocacy
for
Palestine in May Muhammad assaf's
rendition of anadama festini meaning my
blood is Palestinian was deleted off
streaming service
Spotify Assaf says the song was deemed
anti-semitic as the reason for its
deletion the song was later put back on
[Music]
Spotify palan American singer sammer
says his music is centered around Love
Peace and
[Music]
Freedom yet he's received countless
messages about his music being deemed as
hate speech
I'll randomly open up an app and find
out that they've either taken down my
posts or um they've temporarily deleted
my account this is due to some mix of
hate speech Andor going around uh going
against Community guidelines I encourage
everyone listening to this to go listen
to my music and find one line where I
incite any amount of violence uh I'm
sure that you
won't regardless of the backlash
Palestinians and their songs continue to
hit a strong note telling the story of a
resilient people and remembering those
lost and the future of generations to
come IMR Lan
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer